For completed items, see CHANGELOG

Requested changes from Adrian's document 2023-05-31:

  1. Graphs: extend smooth line beyond reference varieties to whole range of x
     axis. Use dashed line outside range of reference varieties if possible. 

     COMPLETED WITH DUBIOUS LINEAR MODEL 2023-10-09
     
  
  2. Graphs: Label candidates with AFPs – management through current DUST
     options to avoid confidentiality issues. There will be two options for
     graphical output: 

     * Tables and 3 plots per page (plot option==1) Plots including all candidates. Candidates
       to be labelled by AFP. All plots for a characteristic on a page (ie 2
       years or 3 years). 

     * Tables and 1 plots per page (plot option==2) Plots with only
       one candidate on. One pdf file for each of the selected
       candidates. Candidates to be labelled by AFP. All plots for a
       characteristic on a page (ie 2 years or 3 years).

     * Plot option >= 0 - output candidate and reference variety CSV tables

     Relabelling of options within DUST for COYUs: Preferred option: if
     possible, David to be given capability by AFBI to edit interface. If not, AFBI
     to do it.

     The preferred option relies on having a build environment for DUST -
     Adrian to explore at the June '23 IDSG meeting. It appears basic agreement
     was reached and we will hopefully get access to a development environment
     as a result.

     COMPLETED 2023-10-05

   3. CSV files. Expand content:
 
     * Add in data for reference varieties. Preference is to add to the same
       file, with an additional column to denote as reference or candidate.
       However, separate csv files for candidates and reference varieties is
       fine if this is easier. 

     * Add in data for individual years, including year, extrapolation factor,
       mean, actual logSD and adjusted logSD. The preference again is to just
       have one big csv file, with separate columns for each year and for over
       years, but again we could live with separate files for overall and
       yearly data.

     Adrian has provided an example in the email dated Friday 2023-06-23

    COMPLETED 2023-10-13
 
   4. Extrapolation: flag cases in COYUSOP output with a 3-point scale: 

     * No flag or 0: extrapolation index ≤ 1.2. 

     * 1: extrapolation index > 1.2 but ≤ 1.5. Associated text (e.g. for
       explanatory note) “There is an extrapolation issue but it is limited.
       The COYU verdicts should be reviewed alongside the COYU graphs to verify
       that the decisions are sensible.” 

     * 2: extrapolation index > 1.5. Associated text (e.g. for explanatory
       note) “there is serious extrapolation. The COYU decisions may be
       unreliable. In these cases, decisions must be made based on the data
       directly. The graphs in the PDF output may be of use. See TGP8”

     COMPLETED 2023-10-10
 
   5. Extrapolation: do not exclude any results for cases with
      extrapolation. 

    NOTE: 2023-10-10 - as far as I can see no data is being
    excluded. Is there an example? 

   6. Diacritics: ensure that software will run with diacritics in file and
      directory names.  

      This is largely an issue now of data files from differing locales being
      exchanged. If everything is in UTF-8 then all should be well and diacritics can
      be used. If files encoded in codepage 850/852/latin-2 are read as UTF-8
      or iso-8859-1 strange things can happen due to missing diacritics

      We should try and force all datafiles to unicode and complain if
      we're fed anything else. This is a DUST modification really. 

Other changes:

* Getting Started Vignette is quite brief. Would be useful to specify
  the data input requirements for COYU_all_results in detail.

* Move num_trial_years and related checks from parameters to DUST code
  as this parameter can easily be inferred

* Obey output width and wrap tables at a sensible columns

